Create function to return if a string a palindrome. 
Create function to check if a tic-tac-toe game is solved.
make an airport more efficient
Tell me about yourself?
what's your favorite technology and why?
passion for tech and how you think of technology.
Sort an unordered array of objects.
describe a website you made
What is your favorite product and why? How would you improve it?
why CS & questions about my project on the resume
Write an algorithm that takes in an integer and returns the same integer but reversed
A lot of stuff about my resume, previous projects and general behavioral questions.
Remove all duplicates from a linked list.
How did you become interested in technology?
Describe a software project that you have worked on
Tell me about a recent project.
Write a function that accepts a list and returns the number of occurrences of the most frequently occurring item in the list.
If you could change the design of one existing thing, what would it be and what would be the change?
Design a traffic light
Why did you choose to study computer science?
Do you prefer front-end or back-end?
How to combine two linked lists in order
Find the kth element from the end of a linked list
 How would you code to get all the unique characters from a string
What is the difference between process and thread?
Write a method that compares two binary trees.
Given two sorted arrays, write a method that combines the two sorted arrays into a third array that is also sorted
What's your favorite Microsoft Product? And how would you improve it?
Give an example of a technical challenge you faced and how you went about solving it.
Count all possible squares in a grid
reverse a singly linked list and doubly linked list. 
find a cycle in a directed graph
 eager to learn and stay composed 
Delete An Item from A Doubly Linked List
Which is better, Open or Closed Source?
Describe a project on your resume (preferably one where you worked with a group of people).


Given a sorted array of integers remove the duplicates and return the size of the new array.
Given an infinitely long sorted array of numbers, write a program that will determine if a given number is in the array
How do you like programming?
Describe a time someone was slacking or falling behind on a project and you encouraged them and helped them finish their part successfully.
Given an array of size n comprised of numbers 0-n, there will be one number missing (since 0-n is n+1 possible numbers). Find and return that number.
Explain recursion to a non-cs person
Explain thread and process, and what is the difference
What made you interested in technology?
What is your favorite technology? 3 reasons why.
What is your least favorite technology? 2 reasons why.
How would you explain a computer to a 5 year old?
How would you keep track of people in a line?
What is your favorite coding thing and why? What did you use it in?
When were you faced with bad code, and what did you do about it?
Why did you decided to study CS?Is this string a plindrome?
Given a board width and height, design a Minesweeper with the language of your preference.
Given a deck of cards ,How would you shuffle it?
Check for circularity in linked list (big-o)
Find all permutations of a word and check if they’re real words.
How many lines of code do you think you have written for X?  
What is your favorite programming concept?
The best way to organize a phonebook?
Rotate a matrix by 90 degrees.
What is your favorite programming concept and how would you apply that in a real world scenario?
Talk to me about your most enjoyable project? most difficult?
Rearrange the numbers in the singly linked list so no two of the same parity are next to each other.
Find the first repeating character in a string.
Given a binary tree (not necessarily complete), how would you do a traversal where at the first level you traverse from left to right, and at the second level you traverse from right to left, continuing to alternate at every given level, as if you're snaking through the BT?
Given a function that rolls a 6 sided die (numbered 1-6), how would you use it to return a number between 1 and 8 with fair randomness
Implement a Deck of cards
Implement a generic BST
Design and build a network queue that can handle multiple access requests at the same time and prioritize responses.
Tell me about a project from your academics or work experience that demonstrates your technical skills and expertise.
Tell me a project where you had to deal with difficult team mates?
How would you define recursion to a 6 year old ?
Given an array like [0,1,2,3,4,5] and an index like 3, make the array [3,4,5,0,1,2] in place
Given an array of Person at a party (Person[]), and each person has a knows() method that will return true or false depending on whether the caller knows the callee. (e.g. A.knows(B) = true, then A knows B). A celebrity at a party is defined as a person that everyone knows but he/she doesn't know anybody else. How do you Determine the celebrity?
How to implement a queue with stack(s)?
Implement a Node class and its "addColor" method for a graph that contains colors (Color class has been given). If a node contains a color, its children nodes should also contain the corresponding colors.
Print all permutations of a string
Flip a binary tree upside down and return an array of nodes (which are the new heads)
All the questions were behavioral measuring company fit, team fit, business acumen, and critical thinking.
How would you select the smartest computer science student at the university of Washington?
Why Microsoft?
What would you like to do in the next 3, or 5 years?
What would you like to do here at MS?
Example of questions: what is the difference between good code and great code?
Top 5 numbers in an array without sorting, Remove duplicates from array in place, Binary search algo, Valid parans
What are distributed systems, microservices, APIs
What do you think about Agile development
Write the merge function for merge sort.
Given a file that represents a program with comments. Output the file with the comments removed.
Explain your experience which is fit for this job?
Longest Substring with at most given number of unique characters.
Binay Tree Lowest Common Ancestor
Fibonacci series(Time complexity), test cases for the function
 what are my interests in a position at Microsoft
Implement a function to merge 2 sorted arrays into a third array. Followup, to do in-place considering one array can contain all the elements.
Third problem was to reverse a linked list.
Construct a binary tree with the preorder traversal string and the inorder traversal string.
we talked about my favorite classes
Given an array of point structure element whose X and Y values are both int, write a boolean function to decide whether there is any midpoint(at least 1) of any two points in the array whose X and Y coordinate value are all intege
He asked me to write a function to detect whether string1 contains all letters in string2
The Knight's Tour problem.
What is your greatest strength?
Sorting a list of characters by count and order in the original string.
Parsing through a binary tree that has the children connected and printing all children in similar height level. ( but use constant time)
Find the longest palindromic substring in a string.
mplement a Queue with two stacks.
Create function to return if a string a palindrome. Create function to check if a tic-tac-toe game is solved.
k-sorted arrays problem
Given a list of sequential numbers, there will be two missing numbers from the sequence. Print those two numbers.
find how many times an sorted array has been rotated 
we introduced to each other about the background
Simple binary search question, more typical behavioral questions
The questions were: isPalindrome(), findDuplicate()
Given a document like a newspaper, count all instances of each unique word. But make exceptions for words like "computer science." Although they are 2 separate words, they have 1 meaning together.
Coding question asked was Spiral Matrix- Leetcode medium
 Reverse linked list
Generate a list of prime numbers efficiently.
When you type in google.com what happens?
Given a function int[] read4kInts() that reads from a private list of integers, returns 4000 integer.
Task: write a function that takes an integer input, and returns the next set of INPUT integers from the result of read4kInts. Its signature is:
int[] ReadInts(int INPUT)

- Write the function body
- How would you test it?
- Modify the function to account for your test cases

Traverse an array in a spiral
Common elements in 3 arrays.Sum of the array.
Sort an unordered array of objects.

Permutable all valid parenthesis of n pairs ().
Implement conversion from string to number
given a positive number, add the digit 5 to it, in order to get the max possible number (codillity)

Describe good code? Perfect code?
An easy question about reading a file and count the number of characters.
Reverse a string of words keeping the words in the same order but the spelling reversed
Swap nodes in Singly Linked List
Smallest window with all characters
Serialize Deserialze a binary tree
Given array of integers, find pair with sum closest to 0.
Invert a strings with special characters
How to return a circular linkedlist
Print a tree in level-order
What was your weakest point

How do you find a duplicate in an n sized array with numbers ranging from 0 through n-1
Given a sequence of positive integers, always incrementing by 1 (i.e. 1, 2, 3, .... n+1), write a function that returns only the ODD values (in the same order)
What is the best sorting algorithm and why?

Describe how you overcame a difficult team member.

Given a sorted array of integers, return a string array in the format ["start int -> end int", int] where start is the beginning of a substring of continuous numbers to end, and int is non continuous integers.

How to reverse a linked list
Construct a mirrored/inverted tree
Given an array of integers representing a height map, compute the volume of water that the height map would trap.
Permute the digits of a number to obtain the next highest possible number.
If you could change the design of one existing thing, what would it be and what would be the change?

Write a function that accepts a list and returns the number of occurrences of the most frequently occurring item in the list.

How to sort a stack?
Given a string s and a char c, remove all the c in s

Determine if there are common elements in an array of integers. Follow-up: do this without using any extra space or additional data structures.

Initially asked me how I would delegate tasks to a server for fair load balancing. 

ou have a sorted and rotated array {5,6,1,2,3,4}. Use binary search to find a specific number in it.

inverse words in a sentence

  

Given a list of strings, find all the anagrams and return a list of anagrams.

Given an array of numbers and an int, find all the pairs that add up to the int.
Given an int matrix, every zero found, zero out the column and row.
Merging two sorted lists in place (one of the lists has reserved space for all elements).
Finding the longest palindrome (standard version).
A binary manipulation problem.
They asked how you would shuffle a deck of cards through software
